## Services

* A service is nothing more than a small piece of code that takes care of common tasks.
* Angular services are substitutable objects that are wired together using dependency injection (DI). We can use services to organize and share code across our app.
* for example `$http` is a service that handles the communication between the http server and our application.
* In order to use the service, we need to add it as a dependency for the component (controller, service, filter or directive) that depends on the service.
* Angular only instantiates a service when an application component depends on it.
* Each component dependent on a service gets a reference to the single instance `generated by the service factory`.

* minification can cause problems with Angular because of the way that it works internally. In order to fix this issue we need to modify our script and add an array (to protect our namespaces from minification). so any parameter inside the array won't be messed up with minification.

```
angular.module('myApp',[]).controller('MyController',[$scope,$http, function($scope,$http){ ... }]);
```

_note that if you run this example in chrome browser, you might get an error (XMLHttpRequest cannot load) which is specifically for chrome._

* it happens when we request the data from the same server that requested (for example request from localhost). To solve this problem we can either run the example in another browser or run this script in the terminal:

```sh
$ open -a Google\ Chrome --args --disable-web-security
```


```js
myAppModule.controller('MyController', function ($scope, $http){

   $http.get('js/data.json').success(function(data){
      $scope.clients = data;
   })

});
```

